add multiple-dc-enhancemant wg (#27)
tikv/community: wg/multiple-dc-enhancemant/README.md

# multiple-dc-enhancement Working Group

> To implement an enhancement about deploying TiDB across multiple data centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multi-dc-enhancement Working Group aims to implement an enhancement of deploying TiDB across multiple data centers.
```

# multiple-dc-enhancement Working Group

> To implement an enhancement about deploying TiDB across multiple data centers.

Reviewer: This is not updated yet...

## Stakeholder SIGs

List the stakeholder SIGs of this Working Group.

## Meetings

## Mentors

* [Jay](https://github.com/busyjay), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

> * [guoleitao](https://github.com/ltguo)

Author: It's given by our tutor.

## Organizers

* [Peng Qu](https://github.com/hicqu)

## Members

* [haoxiang](https://github.com/haoxiang47)

> * [庄天翼](https://github.com/TennyZhuang)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [TennyZhuang](https://github.com/TennyZhuang)
```

* [Fullstop000](https://github.com/Fullstop000)

## Contact

> - Slack: [#xyz-wg](https://tikv-wg.slack.com/messages/multiple-dc-enhancement-wg)

Reviewer 3: I didn't see the working group in TiKV slack channel

# multi-dc-enhancement Working Group

The multi-dc-enhancement Working Group aims to implement an enhancement of deploying
TiDB across multiple data centers.

## Stakeholder SIGs

List the stakeholder SIGs of this Working Group.

## Meetings

## Mentors

* [Jay](https://github.com/busyjay), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)
* [guoleitao](https://github.com/ltguo)

## Organizers

* [Peng Qu](https://github.com/hicqu)

## Members

> * [haoxiang](https://github.com/haoxiang47)

Reviewer: Please also unify the markdown usage of list - either use `*` or `-`. Not both in the same doc

Author: Any style guide?

Reviewer: This is a common rule that may not be covered by specific guide - because the two symbols are actually displayed the same on website. For the source file, a consistent usage would be more friendly for writers or contributors.

Author: They are diplayed the same, so I think no constraints is better. Generally it's an obstacle for writers, you can take a look at https://github.com/tikv/community/blob/master/committee/wg-governance/working-group-template.md, seems more writers don't care it.

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion from writer perspective. Guess it does not much for this file.  IMO... maybe we should modify the template.
